Cloud Watch Events is a service that allows you to track state changes in your AWB resources.
So in this diagram here, we have a few AWB services and then you can see an example of the types of
events that they might be generating and they'll be sending that information to cloud watch and then
cloud, which can then trigger something in response.
So for easy to it could be a easy to instant state change notification or something about Ebb's for
auto scaling.
It could be that an actual instance is launched or terminated, and for X it could be a task state change
or container instant state change.
So Cloud Watch Events delivers a near real time stream of system events that describe changes in AWB
resources.
You can use cloud watch events to schedule automated actions that self trigger at certain times using
chron or rate expressions.
So I'm sure you're familiar with Chrom.
We've used it a couple of times in the course.
That's for automatically running tasks at certain time intervals.
You can match events and route them to one or more target functions or streams as well.
Now, when you do that, there's a whole series of targets and these include the ones on the screen
here.
So you got two instances, LAMDA functions, data streams.
You've got a code pipeline on the right here in code build projects, X tasks and so on.
So this is what it looks like in the console.
And in this example, we have an easy two instance and we have an easy to instant state change notification.
And in this case, it's any state and you can see the event pattern underneath.
And then on the right hand side, we could actually select a function and then it would trigger that
function whenever any state change happens in that to resource.
And this is something we'll do in a lab in the next lesson.
So here's an example, and this is actually what we're going to do in the lab.
So we have an easy to instance and it's going to send an event source notification when the instant
state change changes.
And in this case, it's going to be when we've actually terminated the instance cloud, which will then
forward that data to an event target, which in this case is going to be an excuse.
Q Now will manually pull the Q and find a message, but you could of course also have an easy two instances
polling the Q and pulling those messages and doing something with them, maybe putting them in a Dinamo
DB database or something like that.
Similarly, you could use a lambda function for the same thing.
So instead of the Q you might have a lambda function and that might write the data to as free or Dinamo
DB.
So that's it for the ferry.
And what we're going to do in the next lesson is have a lab where we're going to create this architecture.
We see on the screen here where we have an extra instance that's sending a state change notification
to cloud watch and then that's triggering a notification to a target, which is an excuse us.
Q in this case.